[Music]
and he said to me son of man stand on
your feet and I will speak to you then
the spirit entered me when he spoke to
me and set me on my feet and I heard him
who spoke to me
and he said to me son of man I am
sending you to the children of Israel to
a rebellious nation that has rebelled
against me they and their fathers have
transgressed against me to this very day
for they are impudent and stubborn
children I am sending you to them and
you shall say to them thus says the Lord
God as for them whether they hear or
whether they refuse for they are a
rebellious house yet they will know that
a prophet has been among them and you
son of man do not be afraid of them nor
be afraid of their words though briars
and thorns are with you and you dwell
among scorpions do not be afraid of
their words or dismayed by their looks
though they are a rebellious house you
shall speak my words to them whether
they hear or whether they refuse for
they are rebellious but you son of man
hear what I say to you do not be
rebellious like that a rebellious house
open your mouth and eat what I give you
now when I looked there was a hand
stretched out to me and behold a scroll
of a book was in it then he spread it
before me and there was writing on the
inside and on the outside and written on
it were lamentations and mourning and
the war
you